>> Brian Holt: Go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: Quick question.
What are the inputs and the outputs of
mapStateToProps and mapDispatchToProps?
What's sort of the overall
purpose of them?
I mean, what are they doing sort of the?
>> Brian Holt: They're returning objects,
right?
Right, this is an object.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So if you want to make this
a little bit more verbose,
it's gonna look like this.
>> Speaker 2: And.
>> Brian Holt: Right, but
this is what it actually looks like.
>> [SOUND]
>> Speaker 2: And who eventually uses that
object?
>> Brian Holt: So this is the object and
you remember how we did something
like this right here ...show
well it's taking this object and
spreading it over the component.
That's precisely what's
happening here to search.
It's taking this object and
spreading this object over search, right?
So everything that I put in here is
going to be passed as a prop to search.
So search term is now
a prop of search because of
this.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So if I put, blah: 5,
right.
Now it have inside of props I
could reference props.blah and
I would get 5, right.
It's just passing props into search.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, great.
And then the dispatch is?
>> Brian Holt: It's a function
that Redux gives you to pass actions into
the reducers.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 3: Is that have use beyond
wiring up event handlers usually?
>> Brian Holt: What is it?
>> Speaker 3: MapDispatchToProps.
Does it have use beyond?
Wearing of event handlers, no.
>> Brian Holt: Well, mapDispatchToProps.
Does it have more uses than that?
I mean, you can kick off a synchronous
actions and we'll talk about
that tomorrow, async actions.
>> Brian Holt: But
it's gonna be kicking off action,
that's the point of map dispatch profits.
Translating events in the UI to
actions into the Redux store,
that's the whole purpose.
>> Speaker 4: Does the Redux state object
get too complicated over time?
>> Brian Holt: I'm going to show you how
to silo it tomorrow.
So that despite the fact that that tree
can become quite large you're only gonna
be working on very small slices at
a time so it keeps it pretty manageable.
It can get complicated but
with discipline and
kind of enforcing some rules on yourself
it can be fine even with giant stores.